Added hyperlinks to state and props + Arrow function definition (#426)
Codecademy/docs: content/react/concepts/components/components.md

> In React, components make up the UI of the application. Components are pieces of code that are reuseable and independent. Each component comes with 1 or 2 of the following things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In React, components make up the UI of the application. Components are pieces of code that are reusable and independent. Each component comes with one or both of the following:
```

> - [state](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/react/state) : Data in a component expected to change over time 
> - [props](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/react/props) : Data that can be shared from parent component to child component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [`state` object](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/react/state) that contains component data that is expected to change over time. 
- A [`props` object](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/react/props) with data that can be passed down from parent component to child component.
```

Let's keep the back-ticks around "state" and "props" and treat these list items as complete sentences.

Function components are stateless and only use the `return` statement. No import statement necessary:

```jsx
function FunctionComponent(props) {
  return (
    <div>
      ...
    <div>
  )
}
```

> ## Arrow function

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Arrow Function

```

Let's use "Title Case" for the headers and don't forget to surround them with an empty line. 😃

>  ES6 version of JavaScript

Reviewer: Can we turn into a complete sentence ending with a period? Maybe we could also include a hyperlink to the Docs entry for arrow functions? 

https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions
